As always remember to go slow and steady
and avoid any strain and pain.
If you’re currently having back pain you are certainly welcome to watch rather than to participate.
Let’s start with our legs straight
and our hands on the front of our thighs.
Now look down at your feet and slowly bend forward
keeping your legs straight. But don’t bend too far.
Can you feel the strain in your spine?
Now imagine lifting something with your back in this position.
For better spinal alignment let’s start by flexing your knees,
lifting your head,
pushing your chest and tailbone out.
Do you feel how the in-curve in your low back has been restored?
You can exhale now and stand up at a moderate pace.